# Scooch

Scooch is a presenter application for creating slides like KeyNote and PowerPoint but for the browser.

Everybody has a browser :-) <!-- .element: class="center" -->

This tutorial assumes that you pulled this application from docker. 
If you cloned it from [github](https://github.com/IvoNet/scooch) you can also 
find more information in the `README.md` file of the project. 
--
<!-- .slide: data-transition="none" -->
## Why Scooch?

Some definitions/quotes and you may decide for yourself :-)

* to move the buttocks over, around or up and down

> Hey, scooch over.
--
<!-- .slide: data-transition="none" -->
## Why Scooch?

Some definitions/quotes and you may decide for yourself :-)

* a small amount. either of movement or substance

> Just give me a scooch of that cheesecake
--
<!-- .slide: data-transition="none" -->
## Why Scooch?

Some definitions/quotes and you may decide for yourself :-)

* to be a pest or annoyance

> don't be a scooch
--
<!-- .slide: data-transition="none" -->
## Why Scooch?

Some definitions/quotes and you may decide for yourself :-)

* Move in or pass through a tight or narrow space

> waiters kept pressing against the table trying to scooch by
---
# How To Use

The whole idea of scooch is to make creating presentations easy

This howto will explain the following:

* Navigation
* General information
* Your own scooch folder
---
# Navigation

* Please press `?` while in a slideshow to get information about all available navigation keys
* You can zoom by pressing `alt` and clicking on a place you want to zoom with the mouse. Repeat to zoom out again.
* Presenter view is found by pressing 's' so you can put the actual presentation on one screen and the presenter screen on your own.
* `esc` will provide an overview.

---
# General information

Scooch will scan the `/slides` folder at startup.  
So if you do nothing you will get the slides I provided.    
The same goes for the `/templates` and `/themes` folders.  
--
Scooch will work out of the box but it will not give you much to work with.

The whole idea is to make it easily available for your own use

In the following slides this will all be explained.
---
# Your own Scooch folder

To get scooch to work with your own files you will have to extend the command line:

```bash
docker run -i -t --rm -p 3000:3000 -v /Users/USER/slides:/slides ivonet/scooch
```

You of course have to point the `/Users/USER/slides` to a folder of your own and make sure that markdown files are in there.
When adding new slides you need to restart scooch because at startup it scans the `/slides` folder.

---
# More to learn

Please look at the other included presentations for more information about how to work with Scooch.
 
* `2. How to use Markdown` - will explain how you can create your presentations
* `3. Advanced Scooch` - more advanced topics about using and tuning scooch
 
---
# Thanks

for all the fish :-)

[Ivo Woltring](http://www.ivonet.nl/home/contact).